= Backup My App

Rails plugin for backup and restore with {Backup My App}[http://backupmyapp.com].

== Installation

First you should create account on Backup My App and add your application there. You will get api-key for your application. Next you should install our plugin and provide api-key for it:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/workisfun/backupmyapp.git
  script/generate backupmyapp KEY=[api-key]

Then press "I completed" button on your domain page.

== Restore

If you lost your files or database, but application is still working, you can restore automatically. You should log in to your account on {backupmyapp.com}[http://backupmyapp.com], find proper backup from backup history and click "Restore" button. The rest of process will work automatically. Also you can use rake task for this:

  rake backupmyapp:restore

If automatic restore is not possible, you can restore manually. Find backup for restore and click "Download" button. Unzip downloaded file and upload it to production server, then run backupmyapp:restore rake task on server:

  rake backupmyapp:load_db

You can use manual restore to clone your application on your local machine or development server.

== About Backup My App

Backup My App is a snapshot-style backup service for Rails applications. It performs daily backup of your files and database and you can restore your data automatically if something goes wrong on your server.

We store only everyday changes applied to the files. It saves both bandwidth and backup size. So you can access backup history for several weeks or even months depending of the size of your application and your activity. If the space approaches the limit, most distant day from your backup history will be removed.



Copyright © 2009 Crocoduck Team, released under the MIT license.